# Daily Coding Problem #283 [Easy]

Problem asked by Google.

## Problem Statement

A regular number in mathematics is defined as one which evenly divides some power of 60. Equivalently, we can say that a regular number is one whose only prime divisors are 2, 3, and 5.

These numbers have had many applications, from helping ancient Babylonians keep time to tuning instruments according to the diatonic scale.

Given an integer N, write a program that returns, in order, the first N regular numbers.

## Solution hint (credit: Wikipedia)

Algorithms for calculating the regular numbers in ascending order were popularized by Edsger Dijkstra. 
Dijkstra (1976, 1981) attributes to Hamming the problem of building the infinite ascending sequence of all 5-smooth numbers; 
this problem is now known as Hamming's problem, and the numbers so generated are also called the Hamming numbers. 
Dijkstra's ideas to compute these numbers are the following:

- The sequence of Hamming numbers begins with the number 1. 
- The remaining values in the sequence are of the form `2h`, `3h`, and `5h`, where `h` is any Hamming number.
- Therefore, the sequence `H` may be generated by outputting the value 1, and then merging the sequences `2H`, `3H`, and `5H`.

This algorithm is often used to demonstrate the power of a lazy functional programming language, because (implicitly) concurrent efficient implementations, 
using a constant number of arithmetic operations per generated value, are easily constructed as described above. 
Similarly, efficient strict functional or imperative sequential implementations are also possible whereas explicitly concurrent generative solutions might be non-trivial.
